we're recording Andrew any last words
yeah
you
fuck your couch so far down you're
allowed to push you out if you want a
slip hey you're allowed to push you out
if you want so I go get my car fuck you
just in case yeah I'm try carrying
disaster the hospital what if I got my
ass and jump well that's to be good are
you sure yeah yeah I don't look like too
much of a pussy now it may be pretty
funny though justice eagle
I
oh no my hands that shit is hot man all
right we're recording Sutton oh we're
recording this all it mr. cheese yes
there's the quiz apart oh alright
alright it's my Holy Grail I'm gonna
take a couple steps back so I can get
the whole thing in all right cannonball
no dying p slips too drunk to drive your
ass to the hospital
I got a headache to begin with I run man
run woody one run merr dogg
would dog I told you fucker that's why I
fell off the roof I fell I didn't jump I
fell don't worry Marie so am i gets more
beer India I think it's gonna go cut oh
not yet not good a man's man it's been
recording like a minute ah hey lastwords
think you just said them oh yeah fuck
haha I'm we're gonna regret this don't
regret it though this one's gonna sting
in the morning boys will be sold out on
your feet to come over here I'll catch
it sort off kinda like a cat where God
weekend buzz
I feel that's fine exhilarating whoa
let's see that again would you do it
again oh yeah oh hell for anywhere first
I'll stay away hey wait I want to see it
I'm doing you all night
hey y'all crazy bitch but your box